motion is lotion but why your joints
don't actually have a blood supply like
the rest of your body and since the
blood actually carries the nutrients to
certain areas of your body you would
think they wouldn't heal right wrong
your joints have something called
synovial fluid which is like oil for
your creaky joints and the only way to
get that synovial fluid there is by
moving when you use a full range of
motion your body sends oil to that area
the synovial fluid and trust me it does
not have to be crazy ranges of motion
just like this it can be something super
simple like this supplements will never
be the answer if you don't first start
with movement that being said if you
need a little bit more for your rusty
hinges flexi joints is live